on behalf of TV lesson calm my name is
Angela Murray I'm a professional artist
with Angela Murray net in this clip I'm
going to show you one way to paint an
ocean if you notice my canvas
I already did some starting of it I
painted in this really bright blue
background I started to paint in the sky
and right down here is the ocean now if
you look at my palette I have a lot of
colors here I have mostly the blue that
you saw in the background I have some of
the green a lot of the white and I'm
going to be using these colors to put in
the ocean
ah and let's remember the ultramarine
blue so I'm gonna pick up some of the
white because I do want to concentrate
on some more of the waves with some of
the other colors as well I'm gonna go
back to my canvas and I'm going to try
to paint in some movement so I don't
know if you've ever driven down and
watched the water as you're up on the
bridges the waters all different kinds
of colors
one minute it's Blues one minutes it's
turquoises other minutes it's purples so
I'm trying to get all these colors into
the canvas it's okay if it's a little
bit messy because there is water spray
sometimes dip down and get some more
white and I'm gonna get a little bit
more of the blue
especially the ultramarine blue a little
bit little a little bit of the purple
mix it up a little bit more ah and I
want to put a little bit of this burnt
sienna that's over here because you need
to remember all that ocean water does
have sand in it back to my canvas
and notice that all the colors just
start to blend and this is one way to
put in ocean water into a painting on
behalf of TV lesson com this is Angela
Murray thank you for watching